#  september 2, 2024 
three sensors i found was the light sensor the sound and the touch sensor i think thats what its called. the one i was most intrested in is the light sensor cause it can trigger certain events when it is bright enough to make it scroll text,makes sound,make certain movements.
#  september 9, 2024 
for the presontation on your part nothing was out of order or anything it just confused me with all this info and just sort of overwhelmed me at first but i got everything pined down evntually.
#  september 23, 2024
precision affects the outcome of a program cause you have to get really accurate to get the code of a program to work. i mean even if you miss one specific step or detail the whole thing just falls apart like trying to build something with blocks one wrong block or you don't put it on right the whole  everything has to be in place  for the code to work. it is very important to have good habits and attention to detail  cause say  you have the good habit  of keeping everything neat you can put that into codeing  to have work more offen  and good attention to detail for good code.
# october 4, 2024
if i had gone a day without the computer science like a computer or a tv or a phone i would really had done nothing with myself for the whole day maybe a jog,maybe a workout or something like that.overall i would not do that much being honest.
# october 10, 2024
the job is found nteresting was a web developer. a web developer is responsible for for the desingn and the construction of a website. you would need good communication skills,css and needing to know how to test and debug a program.you would need a bachlors degree in computer science.opportunites for growth are like sofware publishing and manegment.it aligns with my intrest cause i always wanted to make a cool website full of games and other fun activites.
# october 18, 2024
Coding can help problem solving skills cause when making code you will likely find a couple of errors promting you to find them and fix them and most of the time when making code you will find an error even if it is a small one.Understanding code for stuff like healthcare, finances  can help a lot because  it could be useful for healthcare cause maybe the manufacturing process can be helped with proper coding and for finances it can keep the money in check.coding can help  with creativity and collaberation  cause coding allows you to do basically anything if you are skilled enough, i mean anything you want to do you can do given enough time and effort and it can also help with teambulding skills cause if you have trouble with something you can always ask a friend or someone skilled enough to help you.
# october 22, 2024
 ai can be both very good and very bad for the people using it i mean its good for companies in healthcares,schools, and transportations cause you can use ai to help with the process to make a new health drug and can help with schools by making it show the ai solve harder problems that could be deemed impossible or help in the process of self driving cars with ai. but then there comes the downsides to ai because one of the biggest problems is coprate greed with replacing peoples jobs with ai cause it is cheaper than just hiring people and there is a bunch of deepfake photos of stuff that people think is real and is spreading information about a photo that isn't even real.
# october 29, 2024
tech has make a lot of things better and worse but stuff like politics is kind of unexpected for me but people never really tell us how it impacts the election i mean there is the  the voting machine which then after all the voting is done it then adds up all the total votes to see who is going to be the next president and there is social media which can also help in the voting process cause the presidents can do stuff to persuade people to vote for them in the election.
# november 4, 2024
it is very important to keep your information private when publishing cause what if someone hacks you and take all your money away and leaks your place to people. you can ensure that you won't get hacked  by using a vpn or just don't show your personal information on social media. i never really shown my personal information for two reasons, 1 i don't have any social media, 2 even if i did i would have the common sense to NOT show my information online. i guess you can balence it by only showing  information that won't come back to bite you in the butt.
# november 12, 2024
There is a bunch of reasent events that have been going on like halloween and soon thanksgiving and chrismas  all of them have to do with the stuff we learn cause you can code lots of stuff in holidays like a horror game for halloween or maybe code something about family for thanksgiving and you can make stuff with code for presents on chrismas  you can do lots of stuff on holidays it affects those days cause of the people that code on those specific holiday. advancments in tech can affect the future with a bunch of cool stuff like maid robots or more advance devices like maybe in the future there could be a switch 2 that runs better than a toaster or we could have flying cars.
# november 22, 2024
The holiday that is coming next week is thanksgiving.
# december 2, 2024
ai could shape a lot of society  especally with people being replaced by ai, maybe because they are greedy or could not afford efficient workers (from harvard university) which kind of scares me  cause what if stuff like movies or video games  could be  affected by ai and would feel very soulless
# december 10, 2024
brain rot means something in media that looks bad or has a negative influence or something like that which is why i think brain rot in digital media will have a very negative impact on it from the amount of terrible stuff there is now  adn lots of words like slop,lore and other words like that will bring on a more negative impact.
# december 16, 2024
 yes i am very excited for break.
